Add command to get the last Sigma analysis of a file (#18775)
demisto/content: Packs/VirusTotal/ReleaseNotes/2_4_0.md

#### Integrations
##### VirusTotal (API v3)
- Added new Sigma command
  - ***vt-file-sigma-analysis***

> Analists can now get the last Sigma analysis of a given file hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Analysts can now get the last Sigma analysis of a given file hash.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.4.28442*.
```
